Document jakarta packages for Spring 6 and Spring Boot 3 (#6048)
getsentry/sentry-docs: src/platform-includes/getting-started-primer/java.spring.mdx

<Note>

> There are two variants of Sentry available for Spring. If you are using Spring 5, please use `sentry-spring` ([GitHub](https://github.com/getsentry/sentry-java/tree/master/sentry-spring)). If you are using Spring 6, please use `sentry-spring-jakarta` instead ([GitHub](https://github.com/getsentry/sentry-java/tree/master/sentry-spring-jakarta)).

Reviewer: ```suggestion
There are two variants of Sentry available for Spring Boot. If you're using Spring Boot 2, use `sentry-spring-boot-starter` ([GitHub](https://github.com/getsentry/sentry-java/tree/master/sentry-spring-boot-starter)). If you're using Spring Boot 3, use `sentry-spring-boot-starter-jakarta` instead ([GitHub](https://github.com/getsentry/sentry-java/tree/master/sentry-spring-boot-starter-jakarta)).
```

Author: I assume you copy pasted from above. I'll apply these changes without changing from Spring to Spring Boot.

```suggestion
There are two variants of Sentry available for Spring. If you're using Spring 5, use `sentry-spring` ([GitHub](https://github.com/getsentry/sentry-java/tree/master/sentry-spring)). If you're using Spring 6, use `sentry-spring-jakarta` instead ([GitHub](https://github.com/getsentry/sentry-java/tree/master/sentry-spring-jakarta)).
```
